Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now this lecture, we are going to create the register screen for recording.
In the lecture, what I asked you to do is to create a new screen called Register or Discourse Create,
then the dots.
Okay, then us to create our guest.
So this was created.
That's why in the heart for the actor creating that screen in the heart folder, what I wanted to do
is to use a fitness widget and after using the fitness widget that will create some fields that is from
the full name field, the user name field, the email field and the password.
So that is it this way.
But if you have done this, you can just look at it.
So it is those four fields I mentioned or somebody is going to add some fields.
Okay, now what they're going to do now is to create the red screen.
Okay?
Now you can see you can really have access to the parts for the work.
You can do it.
You can just create this screen over the screens for the then let our regular move it.
So it is going to be sort of correlated.
So I guess that's great because if they just call it sign up because it's all of like that's probably
you in them is or just do it that way outside of the screen.
Then the official undercut.
Okay.
Now you can see it is not in the same directory.
Now what we can do is we can now move this over.
So what I can do is I'm to go to my files.
We can just drag and drop.
Okay.
I don't look in.
They can fix it.
As I'm going through this long journey, they're going to go to believe that if you use screens, they
will cut this off from you and then we'll look at it.
And this awards for the great.
Now over the side of my brain.
What you can do is you can have is that less?
We get that less, which is as well we can call this.
Sign of.
Screen.
Or you can be registered as Korean.
It's not really a big deal.
And although you're going to a party much you add to that package.
So when I like for us then what is country red dot airport and lets you out of that package?
Okay.
Now what they're going to do now, if you have not done it before the deal is what's it going to do
now is to try to create those four fields on your hold.
That is the key for them to build.
The user needs to take him there.
Filled out a password.
So try to pause this video right now and try to implement it yourself.
Okay.
Now, if for reasons that you for some reason you can still do, it is absolutely fine.
But I the question is do it in the master or the process.
Okay.
So now is it a return, a scaffold?
What we can do is do it.
So you solve it on the container.
What you can do is do it on the scaffold.
So we us has the book of properties.
The scaffold.
Okay.
So now try to pause the video or try to do it yourself.
Is it because they can't access the sign?
So now what you're going to have is a body.
Okay.
Now this photo shoots a little bit vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So what they can use is we get that color to wrap everything up.
Okay.
Great.
Now this.
Look, I take whatever we get, as you know, so it has to shoot with.
Sure.
Good luck.
Now, the first dose for it is going to be for the whole day.
Right?
So we're going to have to field.
Okay.
Then we're going to have the declaration is going to be into that declaration.
Now what she can have is the excess, which is similar to the place order in Istanbul.
So we can just sit at your table.
They've just written this together.
Okay.
Control.
This is safe.
No, no, no.
To see this.
What you can't just do is go to the log in screen then.
When you can see kids who don't have an account.
We would love to click on this.
Need an accountant to go to the request page.
So.
I think we have the sign up.
So if you don't have an account, you can click on the sign.
That's all they can do over there.
We can implement that so we can send Navigator.
It's, of course, just.
It's going to be George Bush that is also published in this speech that is going to take the Syria.
Let's see.
We are lucky TV.
GROSS okay.
Now, just, you know, take in the context which is referring to where we are currently.
So now we're going to use another function that words navigate to the site of.
Sign the screen.
Okay, great.
You can travel to the UK.
There is no issue which are their sources.
They were able to go back to the scene of.
Okay.
Now.
When we click on this.
It's not going to take us to the final page.
Right.
Okay, great.
Now, first of all, we're going to take this to the center.
And to do that over this column we have made us is going to be made up this alignment.
We're not sentimental, Santa.
Okay.
Great.
So now we're going to give it for the mean all sides, right?
So it's in the declaration what the course is.
But that is going to be line.
Outline it its border.
Okay.
Take it out.
Great.
He's going to have a critical role there.
Now when you click on this, we're going to get this screen color that'll get rid of this the.
The Declaration as well as a simple clause but assessment of the outline.
Into Florida.
So now we can see both sides.
Both sides.
This the colors of the green.
So we're going to change the color to colors that look.
Okay.
I think we need one more hydration, Nicola.
I can try to save.
Okay.
Now you can see it's is gone now.
So what you can do is to remove the border, right?
So what you can see now is we can to outline if it's border.
Evidence of what size?
So we're going to set it aside.
That means we don't want anybody outside, but that's not okay.
Now, you can see we can barely know now.
This is it says dude.
So what you can do is within the declaration as well.
You can do this in the way of what was within the declaration.
Because if you.
So true.
So this is going to give a gray color.
So it's filled.
Okay, great.
Now what you can do, you can do this as opposed to this edge over here and push to the right here.
Now, what we can do is we can use it today.
So you have assets to the property.
What they can do is drop this column with a container.
So when these red dots look good throughout this mountain, they give a pardon.
It's going to be a hedge instead.
It is said that all or probably 20.
Okay, then go check it out.
Okay.
Isn't abuse is between this and think.
Okay, great.
Now on your who now try to implement the rest yourself.
That is the user name, the email and the password.
And as well you can just hot button the register puts into it as well.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
So now what you can do is you can just.
It is going to copy this now, since you should master some parts.
Okay.
Then what is this?
This should be at your.
Username.
Okay.
Now I'm going to give some space between.
So what you can do is all you can have is size.
Looks like you are going to do this biz vertically.
So it is going to be height of probably 20.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Now audio.
Now I'm going to stop this video you own.
Try to do not copy and paste prejudice from scratch that is due for the email password that as we try
to create the register button what you guys see in this picture.